Update README for dd_xxx tagging (#267)
DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog: README.md

| `appKey`                      | Datadog app key. Only needed when the `monitors` field is defined. Alternatively, you can also set the `DATADOG_APP_KEY` environment variable in your deployment environment. |
| `apiKeySecretArn`             | An alternative to using the `apiKey` field. The ARN of the secret that is storing the Datadog API key in AWS Secrets Manager. Remember to add the `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission to the Lambda execution role. |
| `apiKMSKey`                   | An alternative to using the `apiKey` field. Datadog API key encrypted using KMS. Remember to add the `kms:Decrypt` permission to the Lambda execution role. |

> | `env`                         | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_ENV` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, an `env` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `env`                         | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_ENV` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Otherwise, an `env` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Defaults to the `stage` value of the serverless deployment. |
```

> | `service`                     | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, a `service` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `service`                     | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Otherwise, a `service` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Defaults to the `service` value of the serverless project. |
```

| `version`                     | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_VERSION` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, a `version` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |

> | `tags`                        | A comma separated list of key:value pairs as a single string. When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_TAGS` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, the plugin parses the string and sets each key:value pair as a tag to all Lambda functions. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tags`                        | A comma separated list of `key`:`value` pairs as a single string. When set along with `extensionLayerVersion`, a `DD_TAGS` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, the plugin parses the string and sets each `key`:`value` pair as a tag on all Lambda functions. |
```

| `appKey`                      | Datadog app key. Only needed when the `monitors` field is defined. Alternatively, you can also set the `DATADOG_APP_KEY` environment variable in your deployment environment. |
| `apiKeySecretArn`             | An alternative to using the `apiKey` field. The ARN of the secret that is storing the Datadog API key in AWS Secrets Manager. Remember to add the `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission to the Lambda execution role. |
| `apiKMSKey`                   | An alternative to using the `apiKey` field. Datadog API key encrypted using KMS. Remember to add the `kms:Decrypt` permission to the Lambda execution role. |
| `env`                         | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_ENV` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Otherwise, an `env` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Defaults to the `stage` value of the serverless deployment. |

> | `service`                     | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_SERVICE` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Otherwise, a `service` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. Defaults to the `service` value of the serverless project. | `version`                     | When set along with `addExtension`, a `DD_VERSION` environment variable is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. When set along with `forwarderArn`, a `version` tag is added to all Lambda functions with the provided value. |

Reviewer: A new line is needed before `version`

Author: oops, good catch
